{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Job Title:
\f1\b0  Backend Engineer (Python/FastAPI)\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Company:
\f1\b0  Horizon DataWorks\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Location:
\f1\b0  Austin, TX (Hybrid)\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Experience Required:
\f1\b0  3\'965 years\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Employment Type:
\f1\b0  Full-time
\f2 \

\f0\b About the Role:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Horizon DataWorks is seeking a Backend Engineer who will help architect, build, and optimize scalable backend services supporting our next-generation data automation platform. You will work closely with data engineering, frontend, and infrastructure teams to create high-availability APIs and distributed systems used by enterprise customers. This role is ideal for an engineer who enjoys solving complex backend challenges, improving system performance, and contributing to a growing engineering culture grounded in reliability, quality, and automation.
\f2 \

\f1 You will be responsible for building robust microservices, driving improvements to our API layer, and influencing architectural decisions as we expand our core service capabilities.
\f2 \

\f0\b Responsibilities:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Design, implement, and maintain scalable backend APIs using Python, FastAPI, and asynchronous architectures.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build RESTful and event-driven services to support real-time data processing workflows.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Improve application performance by profiling bottlenecks and optimizing database and caching operations.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Collaborate with DevOps to deploy services across AWS using CI/CD pipelines.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Develop unit, integration, and load tests for all backend endpoints.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Implement secure authentication, authorization, and data-access patterns.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work with product managers to translate business requirements into technical specifications.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Participate in code reviews and mentor junior engineers on best practices.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Monitor backend systems using metrics, tracing, and logging tools.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contribute to technical design documents and long-term architectural roadmaps.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Required Skills:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong expertise in Python, FastAPI, asyncio, and RESTful service design.
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with SQL databases (PostgreSQL preferred).
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Familiarity with Redis, Docker, and AWS services.
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong understanding of microservices architecture and distributed systems.
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with observability tooling (Grafana, Prometheus, etc.).
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Knowledge of API security principles and authentication standards (JWT/OAuth).
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Preferred Skills:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with message queues (Kafka, RabbitMQ).
\f2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Knowledge of infrastructure-as-code frameworks such as Terraform.
\f2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Familiarity with event-driven architecture.
\f2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience building high-throughput, low-latency applications.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Education Requirements:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Bachelor\'92s or Master\'92s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field.
\f2 \

\f0\b Compensation Range (optional):
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 $125,000\'96$155,000 base salary
\f2 \

\f0\b Why Join Us:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
High-impact role with ownership over core backend systems.
\f2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work with a collaborative, senior engineering team.
\f2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Opportunities for career growth and architecture leadership.
\f2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong engineering culture with emphasis on automation and performance.
\f2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Competitive compensation, benefits, and hybrid flexibility.
\f2 \
}