{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16680\viewh18120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Job Title:
\f1\b0  Full-Stack Engineer (React + Node.js)\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Company:
\f1\b0  BrightLeaf Technologies\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Location:
\f1\b0  San Diego, CA (Onsite with flexible Fridays)\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Experience Required:
\f1\b0  4\'966 years\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Employment Type:
\f1\b0  Full-time
\f2 \

\f0\b About the Role:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 BrightLeaf Technologies is expanding its full-stack engineering team to deliver modern, customer-facing applications used by thousands of small businesses nationwide. This role involves building dynamic UI components in React, implementing scalable Node.js services, and shaping the technical direction of our customer engagement platform.
\f2 \

\f1 You will collaborate closely with design, product, and infrastructure teams, contributing to both frontend and backend components to build seamless user experiences. This is a hands-on engineering role with meaningful ownership over new features and system enhancements.
\f2 \

\f0\b Responsibilities:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Develop high-performance, responsive user interfaces using React, TypeScript, and modern component architecture.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build backend services and APIs with Node.js, Express, and PostgreSQL.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Optimize application performance across frontend and backend layers.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Improve CI/CD pipelines and deployment workflows using GitHub Actions.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Collaborate with UX designers to refine user flows and improve product usability.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Implement security best practices across authentication, input validation, and code quality.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Participate in architecture discussions for new product modules.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Write automated tests (unit, integration, end-to-end) for frontend and backend systems.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work cross-functionally to debug production issues and deliver root-cause analyses.
\f2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Document technical specifications and contribute to engineering standards.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Required Skills:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Proficiency in React, TypeScript, HTML/CSS, and modern state-management libraries.
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong experience with Node.js, Express, and RESTful API development.
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Knowledge of SQL databases (PostgreSQL or MySQL).
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience building CI/CD pipelines and working with cloud-based deployments.
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong debugging and problem-solving abilities.
\f2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with Git, testing frameworks (Jest, Mocha), and containerized environments.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Preferred Skills:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Familiarity with micro-frontend architecture.
\f2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with GraphQL and WebSockets.
\f2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Exposure to AWS (Lambda, ECS, S3).
\f2 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Experience with UI performance profiling and optimization.
\f2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Education Requirements:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Bachelor\'92s degree in Computer Science or related field.
\f2 \

\f0\b Compensation Range (optional):
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 $120,000\'96$150,000 base salary
\f2 \

\f0\b Why Join Us:
\f2\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa213\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Build high-impact customer-facing applications.
\f2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Work with modern tooling and engineering best practices.
\f2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Strong design and product collaboration culture.
\f2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Career progression into senior or staff engineering tracks.
\f2 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Great office environment plus flexible Fridays.
\f2 \
}